good night sweet Murph may flights of
angels sing thee to thy rest
that was a beautiful service how's it
hanging dingleberry guys guys guys maybe
we've been going about this the wrong
way maybe this is a blessing in disguise
maybe now that we know we're definitely
going to die we can choose to die in the
most awesome way possible dibs on fucked
to death i sexy pleasure oh shit fuck to
get my regular guys these guys that's
bush league you want to go with style
I know our place the north gal field
torture museum we used to go here on
school field trips there chain exhibit
is off the hook and their hook exhibit
sucks Oh guys they've got an exhibition
on guns knives and gun firing knife
snakes that barf acid no waiting for
after all today is the first day of the
rest of our lives
why'd you walk out into the ride when
you said that I don't know guess I'm
overwhelmed I mean I've never felt so
alive
kind of thought you were gonna get hit
by a car there yeah right yeah I should
it's probably tons of cars out here this
is not safe
yeah I kind of think we're building it
up a little bit too much now hmm mm-hmm
yeah can I just wait for the other shoe
to drop at this point right yeah yeah I
see that yeah it's starting to feel like
the second we stop talking about it then
it'll happen you know totally totally
right
oh let's go
hey did you folks see something fall of
the truck back here some ah traps or now
excuse me Pat that's just us now
dan I just want to say what an honor it
has been to work and you don't have to
say that really great I took it back
wait we killed the coroner what well you
did super violently he wasn't part of
deaths plan which means an extra person
died so one of us gets to live my gosh
that's amazing
but which one wait